Important: #95647 - Composer installations and extension usage (#1585)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ExtensionArchitecture/ComposerJson/Index.rst

composer.json
=============

> *-- required* in composer-based installations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*-- required* in Composer installations
```

Author: see above

.. note::

   While the file :file:`composer.json` is currently not strictly required

>    for an extension to function properly in legacy non-Composer installations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   for an extension to function properly in Legacy installations
```

Author: I would keep this as it makes more clear what kind of installation is talked about

  general Composer information
* see :ref:`ext-composer-json-properties` below for TYPO3 specific hints

.. versionchanged:: 11.4
   The ordering of installed extensions and their dependencies are loaded from
   the :file:`composer.json` file, instead of :file:`ext_emconf.php` in

>    composer-based installations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Composer installations.
```

Author: see above

(*required*)

At the least, you will want to require `typo3/cms-core`.

> You should add other system extensions and third party extensions,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must add other system extensions and third party extensions,
```

You'll get errors if you don't do this.

Author: You might not depend on other system extensions.

if your extension depends on them.

> In Composer-based installations the loading order of extensions and their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Composer installations the loading order of extensions and their
```

dependencies is derived from :json:`require` and :json:`suggest`

suggest
-------

You should add other system extensions and third party extensions,

> if your extension depends on them in case they are loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if your extension has an optional dependency on them.
```

> In Composer-based installations the loading order of extensions and their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Composer installations the loading order of extensions and their
```
